Preliminary note:
If you wish to donate using the $USD currency, please go to this page instead.

What is G’MIC ?
G’MIC is an open-source and full-featured framework for image processing, providing several different user interfaces to convert/manipulate/filter/visualize generic image datasets, from 1d scalar signals to 3d+t sequences of multi-spectral volumetric images.

http://gmic.eu

In particular, G’MIC provides a popular plug-in for GIMP with more than 600 filters and image effects available for free. Most of them have a lot of controls and a live preview. It also proposes a nice web service where users can try some of the filters online, as well as other useful interfaces (command-line interface, ZArt, …). The plug-in alone has been downloaded more than 2 million times since mid-2008.
Why donate to the project ?
G’MIC has been primarily developed in the IMAGE Team of the GREYC Laboratory (public research lab in France) by myself (David Tschumperlé), mainly as a tool for image analysis and algorithm prototyping. It helps me, in my everyday job, to design new image processing algorithms and explore image data for a wide variety of image modalities (medical imaging, materials, videos, …). My colleagues use it too.

But, as you can imagine, most of the artistic and/or photography filters and effects I develop for the plug-in do not really fit in my professional duties.
Therefore, I’m working hard on the G’MIC project during most of my evenings and week-ends, to be able to :

Implement and distribute new filters for the G’MIC users in a regular basis, for artistic purpose or photography. Often, following a request from someone posted on a forum. I’ve already developed more than 420 filters by myself for the G’MIC plug-in for GIMP.

Take time to test the software on other architectures, and with different compilers (for Windows especially).

Give feedback as much as I can when users have questions or issues (for instance, to help integrating G’MIC in other interfaces, as Krita or Photoflow).

Write documentation, promote the software, manage the updates and releases, do video tutorials…
This is not time I can spend easily during my working hours!
The web pages of G’MIC are also hosted on a paid service (approx. 60eur / year all included).

So, donations would be appreciated to get financial and moral support for the project. For the hosting costs of course, but mostly to give me a reward for the time I spend on it. Let show me you still want more!

Thank you in advance,
David.
